reservation_reference
reservation_status
vehicle_type VehicleName2
payment_method
currency
transfer_cost
extras_cost
total_trice
commission_charge
net_rate
round_trip
booking_site
passenger_information_client_name PaxFirstName
passenger_information_client_phone TNumber
passenger_information_client_mobile MPaxTel
transfer_details_pick-up_details_from FromName
transfer_details_pick-up_details_hotel_or_property SPAddressHotel
transfer_details_pick-up_details_address PickupAddress
transfer_details_pick-up_details_date transferDate
transfer_details_pick-up_details_time transferTime
transfer_details_pick-up_details_plane_arriving_from
transfer_details_pick-up_details_airline_name FlightCo
transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_number FlightNo
transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_time FlightTime
transfer_details_pick-up_details_cruise_ship_name
transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_from
transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_operator
transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_number
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_destination ToName2
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_hotel_or_property SDAddressHotel
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_address DropAddress
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_cruise_ship_name
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_small_luggage
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_large_luggage
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_special_instructions PickupNotes
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_number_of_passengers PaxNo2 
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_transfer_cost
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_destination RTerminal
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_hotel_or_property RPAddressHotel
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_address RPickupAddress
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_date returnDate
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_time returnTime
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_plane_arriving_from
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_airline_name RFlightCo
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_number RFlightNo
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_time RFlightTime
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_cruise_ship_name
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_from
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_operator
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_number
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_destination RDestination
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_cruise_ship_name
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_hotel_or_property RDAddressHotel
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_address RDropAddress
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_small_luggage
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_medium_luggage
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_special_instructions RNote
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_number_of_passengers
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_transfer_cost