reservation_reference
reservation_status
vehicle_type VehicleType2
payment_method
currency
transfer_cost
extras_cost
total_trice
commission_charge
net_rate
round_trip
booking_site
passenger_information_client_name FirstName
passenger_information_client_phone TNumber
passenger_information_client_mobile TNumberMobile
transfer_details_pick-up_details_from Terminal
transfer_details_pick-up_details_hotel_or_property SPAddressHotel
transfer_details_pick-up_details_address SPAddress
transfer_details_pick-up_details_date SDate
transfer_details_pick-up_details_time STime
transfer_details_pick-up_details_plane_arriving_from
transfer_details_pick-up_details_airline_name SFlightCo
transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_number SFlightNo
transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_time SFlightTime
transfer_details_pick-up_details_cruise_ship_name
transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_from
transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_operator
transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_number
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_destination Destination
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_hotel_or_property SDAddressHotel
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_address SDAddress
transfer_details_drop-Off_details_cruise_ship_name
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_small_luggage
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_large_luggage
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_special_instructions SNote
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_number_of_passengers PaxNo
transfer_details_lagguage_extras_transfer_cost TransferCost
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_destination RTerminal
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_hotel_or_property RPAddressHotel
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_address RPAddress
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_date RDate
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_time RTime
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_plane_arriving_from
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_airline_name RFlightCo
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_number RFlightNo
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_flight_time RFlightTime
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_cruise_ship_name
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_from
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_operator
return_transfer_details_pick-up_details_train_number
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_destination RDestination
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_cruise_ship_name
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_hotel_or_property RDAddressHotel
return_transfer_details_drop-Off_details_address RDAddress
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_small_luggage
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_medium_luggage
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_special_instructions RNote
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_number_of_passengers
return_transfer_details_lagguage_extras_transfer_cost RTransferCost